Docs: Add note about explicitly passing options to Zig library functions to TigerStyle. (#1116)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: docs/TIGER_STYLE.md

  adhere or comply, but it also shares criteria with them with which to evaluate the decision and
  its importance.

> * **Explicitly pass options to Zig library functions at the call site, instead of relying on the
>    defaults**. As an example, use `@prefetch(a, .{ .cache = .data, .rw = .read, .locality = 3 });`
>    over `@prefetch(a, .{});`. This is not only good for readability but also avoids latent,
>    potentially catastrophic issues in case the library changes its defaults from under our feet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Explicitly pass options to library functions at the call site, instead of relying on the
   defaults**. For example, write `@prefetch(a, .{ .cache = .data, .rw = .read, .locality = 3 });`
   over `@prefetch(a, .{});`. This improves readability but most of all avoids latent,
   potentially catastrophic bugs in case the library ever changes its defaults.
```
